Inconsistent capitalization info and typos (#154)
mongodb/docs-meta: source/style-guide/quickstart.txt

     - :ref:`use-correct-punctuation`

       :ref:`punctuation`

>    * - **Use headline-style capitalization for most titles and

Reviewer: [question]

Since we're now using "most" instead of "all", are there any examples we can provide where writers should not use headline-style capitalization? One example I can think of might be if the heading contains an operator name, and the operator begins with a lower-case letter.

Author: Actually I think it's fine to use "all" instead of "most" here, since I'm realizing the exceptions (like the operator name) would just be one word. The headline-style guidelines include lowercasing "words that always begin with a lowercase letter", so a title with one lowercase word would still be following the headline rules

       headings**.

       To meet headline-style capitalization requirements, capitalize the initial 

>        letter of the first, last, and all significant words in a phrase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       letter of the first, last, and all words in a phrase except for articles,
       coordinating conjunctions, prepositions, and the types of words outlined in the 
       guidelines.
```

Reviewer 2: I think "significant" is too vague in this context.

Author: agreed, will make this change!

     - :ref:`use-correct-punctuation`

       :ref:`punctuation`

>    * - **Use headline-style capitalization for all titles and

Reviewer 3: Suggestion:

I think that it could be helpful a couple items:

- That headline-style is another name for "title case" wherever it might need to be introduced 
- Unfortunately, I think we use both Identify headline-style we follow. I think it is [AP Style](https://apastyle.apa.org/style-grammar-guidelines/capitalization/title-case) based on capitalization of conjunctions longer than 3 letters like [this example](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/operator/aggregation/top/#find-the-top-score-across-multiple-games) (not necessarily representative of every instance).

Author: Will definitely add that title case is another word for headline-style. 
Regarding your second point, I'm a little unsure what you mean -- so some titles use headline-style rules, and some use AP Style capitalization rules? Is this something to correct in the docs themselves (change all the titles to headline-style or AP style), or something to mention in the style guide?

Reviewer 3: There are multiple variations of headline-style / title case such as "AP" and "Chicago Manual of Style". I was mentioning that we use the AP style. Therefore, I think we should mention that it is "AP title case" and/or "AP headline-style" to differentiate it from any other style variation.

Author: Got it, I'll clarify that it's AP style

       headings**.

       To meet headline-style capitalization requirements, capitalize the initial 
       letter of every word in a phrase except for articles, coordinating conjunctions, 

>        prepositions, and the types of words outlined in the guidelines.

Author: Yes the guidelines refer to a specific page of the style guide listing out the headline-style requirements, I will reword/link it!

     - :ref:`use-correct-punctuation`

       :ref:`punctuation`
   * - **Use AP headline-style capitalization for all titles and
       headings**.

       To meet AP headline-style (or AP title case) capitalization requirements, 
       capitalize the initial letter of every word in a phrase except for 
       articles, coordinating conjunctions, prepositions, and the types of words 

>        outlined in the :ref:`titles-and-headings` guide.

Author: Yeah that makes sense! Updated the wording
